---
title: Welcome
description: My first post on my new blog
date: 2023-09-20T20:51:58.916Z
tags:
  - articles
draft: false
cover: /articles/welcome.webp
layout: article
---
# Welcome to My Blog!

Hello and welcome to my corner of the internet! I'm excited to kickstart this blog where I'll be sharing my journey as a developer, insights into various projects, and thoughts on the ever-evolving world of software development.

## About Me

I'm Benji (Benjamin), a passionate developer who embarked on this coding adventure at the age of 12. It all started with a curiosity about how computers and software worked. Since then, I've come a long way, and I'm thrilled to share my experiences and knowledge with you.

## What to Expect

This blog will be a dynamic space where I'll discuss a wide range of topics, including:

- My experiences as a developer.
- The projects I'm currently working on.
- Insights into programming languages and technologies I use.
- Challenges I've faced and how I've overcome them.
- The importance of open source and accessibility in coding.
- Tips and advice for aspiring developers.

## Join Me on this Journey

I believe that programming should be accessible to everyone, and I'm passionate about sharing what I've learned along the way. Whether you're a seasoned developer looking for insights or someone just starting their coding journey, I hope you'll find something valuable here.

## Stay Connected

To stay updated with my latest posts, projects, and coding adventures, be sure to [subscribe](https://cdn.forms-content-1.sg-form.com/4863466d-9361-11ee-9a6b-9a8bef837373) to this blog or follow me on [GitHub](https://github.com/Benji377) and [Twitter](https://twitter.com/benben377). 

I'm excited to have you here, and I look forward to our coding journey together. Feel free to reach out and ask questions. Let's explore the exciting world of software development together!

Happy coding!
